Coming to you live from QuarfBlaaaark 7, this is Montgomery Flaaaargendach with Live Forensic Files: Raw Forensic Adventures.
Hello folks.  Today we're going to take a trip on the wild side.  We're going to try to figure out what happened to our favorite ducky superstar from QuarfBlaaaark 6.
That's right folks, Fluffles McSchloobdeboop has gone missing.  She was last seen in entering a limousine at a night club.
Her father has ties to the Queebloid mafia family, which controls a majority of the traffic of a drug called quaaaack.
That's right folks, the crazy party drug named after the extended hallucinations that have caused people, just like yourselves, to start quacking uncontrollably.
We have reason to suspect that the Bleegle mafia family, which is vying for control of that drug market after the decline in the public use of moooooooooo, may be seeking to hold Fluffles McSchloobdeboop for ransom.  
Let's go and find her.  *3 hours of watching Montgomery Flaaaargendach drive around town screaming  "FLUFFLES!!!!" later*
I think that we may have found their hideout.  Let's go Jimmy.
As you can see right now, we have found the Bleegle mafia boss sitting in a chair.  He doesn't look that happy.
Oh, his hands are tied?  Wait, is that Fluffles?  No, it can't be.  
Fluffles has taken the head of the Bleegle family hostage, not the other way around.
It appears that this was an elaborate ruse played by the Queebloid mafia family to let Fluffles be captured and then hold the head of the Bleegle family for ransom.
Wow, these Queebloid folks do not fool around.
Oh, what's this?  It seems that this has erupted in an all out gang war!!!!
*From off camera, Jimmy says: "Monty, no it's not.  There's nobody named Fluffles McSchloobdeboop.  That's a preposterous name.
Jimmy continues: And, you know what Monty? I've had enough of following you around with this thing.  I'm tired of recording whatever you want me to.
I can't do this any more.  Go back to your fantasy world now, because I'm going home.
*Montgomery slowly picks up the camera that Jimmy left on the ground.  He looks deep into its lens.
It appears that the conspiracy runs deeper than I thought.
*Cut to black*
